PLAIN OLD JAVA OBJECT:-

A plain old java object (whose acronym is POJO) is a class that generally only has
instance fields.
It's used to house data and pass data between functional classes.
It usually has no other, or very few methods, other than getters and setters
for the instance fields.
Many databases frameworks use POJO's to read data from, or to write data to
databases, files or streams.

A POJO also might br called a bean or javaBean.
A javaBean is just a POJO with some extra rules applied to it.
A POJO is sometimes called an Entity because it mirrors data base entities.
Another acronym is DTO for Data Transfer Object.
It's a description of an object that can be modeled as just data.

There are many generation tools that will turn a data model into generated POJO's
or javaBeans.
You've seen an example of similar code generation in intellij, which allowed me to
generate getters, setters, and constructors in a uniform way.

ANNOTATIONS:-

Annotations are a type of metadata.
Metadata is a way to formally describe additional information about our code.
Annotations are more structured and have more meaning than comments.
This is because they can be used by the compiler or other types of pre-processing
functions, to get information about our code.
Metadata doesn't affect how the code runs so this code will still run with or
without the annotations.


OVERRIDDEN METHODS:-

An overridden method is not same as overloaded method.
An overridden method is a special method in java that other classes can implement
if they use a specified method signature.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I talked about the the PLain Old Java Object, and I showed you how it comes with a
lot of boilerplate code(using generation for generating getter setters and all).
It's the code that's repetitive and follow certain rules.
Once created, this code is rarely looked at, or modified.
In fact, there are tools that'll just regenerate all of this code if your underlying
data or domain model changes.

The better alternative to POJO is THE RECORD.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE RECORD TYPE:-

The record was introduced in JDK 14 and became officially part of java in JDK 16.
It's purpose is to replace the boilerplate code of the pojo but to be more restrictive.
Java calls them "plain data carriers".
The word carries is an important term because it means that the RECORD has more rules
built-in than a POJO would.

The record is a special class that contains data that's not meant
to be altered or basically immutable.
In other words, it seeks to achieve immutability for the data in its members.
That's why it only contains the most fundamental methods such as constructors and
accessors(GETTERS) but NO mutators(setters).


IMPLICIT OR GENERATED CODE that Java Provides:-

What does Java tell us about what is implicitly created when we declare a record
as I did in this code?

public record LPAStudent(String id, String name, String dateOfBirth, String classList){}

First, it's important to understand that the part that's in parentheses, is called
the record header.
For each component in the header, java generates:
->A field with the same name and declared type as the record component.
->The field is declared private and final.
->The field is sometimes referred to as a component field.

Java generates a toString method that prints out each attribute in a formatted String.
In addition to creating a private and final field for each component, Java generates
a public accessor method for each component.
This method has the same name and type of the component, but it doesn't have any kind
of special prefix like get or is, for example.
The accessor method for id, in this example, is simply id().

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Why have an immutable record?
There are more use cases for immutable data transfers objects and
keeping them well encapsulated.
It protect the data from unintended mutations.

