INHERITANCE:-

We can look at inheritance as a form of code reuse.

It's a way to organize class into a parent-child hierarchy, which lets the child
inherit(reuse), fields and methods from its parent.

EXTENDS:-

Using extends specifies the superclass (or the parent class)
of the class we're declaring.
I can say Dog is a subclass or child class of animal.
I cam say Animal is a parent or super class of Dog.
A class can specify one and only one class in its extends clause.

super() :-
super() is a lot like this().
It's a way to call a constructor on the super class directly from the sub class's
constructor.
Like this(), it has to be the first statement of the constructor.
Because of that rule, this() and super() can never be called from the same constructor.

if you don't make a call to super(), then java makes it for you using super's default
constructor.
if your super class doesn't have a default constructor, then you
must explicitly call super() in all your constructors, passing the right
arguments to that constructor.

Overriding a method:-
Overriding a method is when you create a method on a subclass, which has the same
signature as a method on a super class.

You override a parent class method when you want the child class to show different
behaviour for that method.



this() Vs super() :-

super() keyword is used to access or call the parent class members(both
variable and methods).

this() keyword is used to call the class members(both variables and methods).
this() is required when we have a parameter with same name as an instance
variable or field.

NOTE:- We can use either of these two keywords anywhere in class except for static
elements such as a static method. Any attempt to do so will lead to compile
time errors.


Method Overloading:-

To the code calling an overloaded method, it looks like a single method can be
called with different sets of arguments.
In actually, each call that's made with a different set of arguments is calling
a separate method.
Jva developers often refer to method overloading, as compile-time polymorphism.
This means the compiler is determining the right method to call, based on the method
name and argument list.

Usually overloading happens within a single class.
But methods can also be overloaded by subclasses.
That's because a subclass inherits one version of the methods from the parent class, and
then the subclass can have another overloaded version of that method.



Method Overriding:-

Method overriding, means defining a method in child class that already exists in the
parent class, with the same signature( the same name, same parameters).
By extending the parent class, the child class gets all the methods defined in the
parent class. Those methods are also known as derived methods.
Method overriding is also known as Runtime Polymorphism or Dynamic Method Dispatch
because the method that is going to be called is decided at runtime by the java virtual
machine.
We ant override the static methods, only instance methods can be overridden.