REFERENCE Vs OBJECT Vs INSTANCE Vs CLASS:-

->Lets use the analogy of building a house to understand classes.
A class is basically a blueprint for the house.
Using the blueprint, we can build as many house as we like.

Each house we build(in other words, going back to programming terms,
each houses we instantiate using the new operator) is an object.

This object can also be known as an instance, Often, we'll say its an
instance of the class. So, we would have an instance of house in this example.

Getting back to the physical world, each house we build has an address(its built
at a physical location).

In other words, if we want to tell someone where we live, we
give them our address(perhaps written on a piece of paper).
This is known as a Reference.

-> We can copy that reference as many times as we like, but there is still
just one house that we're referring to.
In other words, we're copying the paper that has address on it, not the house itself.
We can pass references as parameters to constructors and methods.



STATIC Vs INSTANCE variables:-

Static:-
Declared by using the keyword static.
Static variables are also known as static member variables.
Every instance of the class shares the same static variable.
If changes are made to that variable, all other instances of that class will
see the effect of that change.
It is considered best practise to use the class name and not a reference variable to
access a static variable.
An instance isn't required to exist to access the value of a static variable.
Static variables aren't used very often but can sometimes be very useful.
They can be used for:
- Storing counters.
- Generating unique IDs.
- Storing a constant value that doesn't change, like PI, for example.
- Creating and controlling access to a shared resource. For example:- log file,
 database, etc.

Instance:-
They don't use static variable.
They're also known as fields or member variables.
Instance variable belong to a specific instance of a class.
Each instance has its own copy of an instance variable.
Every instance can have a different value.
Instance variables represent the state of a specific instance of a class.


STATIC Vs INSTANCE methods:-

Static:-
Static methods are declared using a static modifier.
Static methods can't access instance methods and instant variables directly.
They're usually used for operations that don't require any data from an
instance of the class(from 'this').
If you remember, the this keyword is the current instance of a class.
Inside a static method,we can't use the THIS keyword.
Whenever you see a method that doesn't use instance variables, that method should
probably be declared as a static method.
For example, main is a static method and its called by the java virtual machine (JVM)
when it starts by java application.

Instance:-
Instance methods belong to an specific instance of a class.
To use an instance method, we have to instantiate the class first, usually by
using the new keyword.
Instance methods can access instance methods and instance variables directly.
Instance methods can also access static methods and static variables directly.